subject	● 心情不好-顺手再贴个职位，网络安全的
from	gan@mail.tsinghua.edu.cn
to	zheng@ccert.edu.cn
公司介绍和职位描述原文如下：
摘要：
工作三年以上，做C/C++，unix平台，熟TCP/IP，从事网络安全相关工作，英文口语能交流。
别的不说了，看JD吧。
Job Title : FAE ( Field Application Engineer )
Company :
Sensory Networks ( http://www.sensorynetworks.com ) is a leading venture backed
developer of high performance embedded network security products. HQ based in Palo
Alto CA, USA. With R&amp;D located in Sydney, Australia, the company is developing the
industry\'s first high-throughput, high accuracy, embedded security platform for
communications equipment. The NodalCore&amp;#8482; platform is built around the company\'s
proprietary security technology, which embeds a suite of security primitives into network
silicon for identifying, analyzing and preventing network threats at true network speeds
Job Responsibilities:
Work with sales team members and OEM customers to facilitate sales in China, or Asia Pacific.
Responsible for:
. Providing pre-sales consulting,
. Project implementation, code integrations, troubleshooting at customer sites,
. Customization and contracting,
. Product presentations/demonstrations/training,
. Field tests and bug reports,
. Produce technical papers to enhance customer’s experience of our products and technologies,
. Maintain sales tools, feed field data into datasheets, demonstrations and benchmarks.
The successful applicant MUST have the following qualifications:
. Strong C and C++ language skills in a LINUX environment, with Five+ years of commercial
experience,
. Strong understanding of network security system applications like intrusion detection, spam
filtering, anti-virus, and firewalling highly desirable,
. Independent and highly motivated,
. BSCS / BSEE degree with honours with minimum of 5 years direct industry experience,
. Major accounts experience and strong presentation skills.
. Fluent Mandarin / English ability (reading , writing, listening and speaking ) .
. Must be able to travel,
. The job position will be based in Beijing, China
Desired Skills and Experience:
. Fluent in English and Mandarin ,
. Project management skills,
. Strong Communication and Presentation skills,
. Comfortable with working in a startup environment,
. Excellent algorithmic and programming skills, these skills will be challenged by
programming tasks,
. Linux kernel development,
. TCP/IP networking experience (such as Ethernet, routing, and packet filtering ),
. Firewall/Proxy Product(s),
. Protocols Analyzer Tools,
. Systems, Data Security, Network Security and secure programming practices,
. Internet technologies, HTTP, HTML, SSL, S/MIME.
Salary and Benefit :
competitive salary, participation in the employee stock program and other attractive
benefits.
任意方式联系我：msn：viwinxw@hotmail.com
mail:vxu@tonykeith.com
tel:85808080-135
